(docs): re-implement info about for generating a discord webhook (#256)
pajlads/DinkPlugin: README.md

Have a suggestion (e.g., new notifier, additional data), bug report (as rare as it may be), or question? Let us know on our [issue tracker](https://github.com/pajlads/DinkPlugin/issues)!

## Basic Setup

> To use this plugin a webhook is required, you can obtain one from Discord with the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this plugin, a webhook URL is required; you can obtain one from Discord with the following steps:
```

<sub>If you already have a link, skip to step 4.</sub>

> 1. Click the sever name top-left and select `Server Settings`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the server name (at the top-left of your screen) and select `Server Settings`.
```

> 2. Select the `Integrations` tab on the left side and click `Create/View Webhook(s)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the `Integrations` tab on the left side and click `Create Webhook` (if other webhooks already exist, click `View Webhooks` and `New Webhook`).
```

> 3. Click the newly created or existing webhook, and select `Copy Webhook URL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the newly created webhook, select the target Discord channel, and click `Copy Webhook URL`.
```

> 4. Paste the copied link into the `Primary Webhook URLs` box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Paste the copied link into the `Primary Webhook URLs` box in the Dink plugin settings.
```

> 5. (Optional): If you would like only certain notifications sent to the discord in question, you can instead paste the link into each box in the `Webhook Overrides` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. (Optional): If you would like different webhook URLs to receive different sets of notifications, you can instead paste the link into each relevant box in the `Webhook Overrides` section. Note: when a notifier has an override URL, the notifier ignores the primary URL box.
```
